I will work on the following requirements

[Functional]The application will use a provided sample Python client and server code for implementing line tracking, object avoidance, face tracking, LEDs, and other features. 
[Functional]TThe application will utilize a camera attachment, an infrared sensor, an ultrasound sensor, and other robotic parts to navigate an obstacle course. 
Variation 1 
[Functional] Navigate a course by utilizing the infrared sensor to perform boundary detection and stay within the course (Note: boundary detection and not line tracking)
[Functional] The car shall stop when the ultrasonic sensor detects an object which can be placed at the end of the track.
Variation 2 
[Functional] The car needs to be able to detect a ball within one foot. 
[Non- Functional] The application shall determine the color of the ball and change the vehicle LEDs to match the color of the ball. 
[Non- Functional] The application will pause the car for five seconds before continuing down the track. 
[Functional] Once a ball color is detected, the application shall ignore that color ball for the remainder of the program.


Constraints:
Must work in Python on a Raspberry Pi platform. 
Must have proper equipment to set up course for the car

Stakeholders:
Mercer staff
Staff, like professors or maintenance, should be able to use our product. Mercer staff would be looking for more details and testing the extent of A.I. image recognition system, so they should be considered tech savvy. We should expect them to be critical of the system and be able to give substantial feedback on our product, ranging from code to quality control.
Mercer students
Students at Mercer are also very good at using technology and adapting to new products. They would be a very good type of user to test the product on and interview, however, we should not expect them to be as critical as professors may be simply because of a lack of experience.
Possible guests
This is a category of people in-between students and staff. They will most likely be not tech savvy and therefore even more casual at using our product than students.

